# Changelog

___

- [Changelog](#changelog)
  - [[1.6.3] - Adding crypto API support](#163---adding-crypto-api-support)
  - [[1.6.2] - Fixing dark/light mode](#162---fixing-darklight-mode)
  - [[1.6.1] - Fixing word generation](#161---fixing-word-generation)
  - [[1.6.0] - Adding new content](#160---adding-new-content)
  - [[1.5.0] - Removing RSA Support](#150---removing-rsa-support)
  - [[1.4.1-2] - Removing unused code](#141-2---removing-unused-code)
  - [[1.4.0] - Implementing encryption, decryption and Bug fixes](#140---implementing-encryption-decryption-and-bug-fixes)
  - [[1.3.0] - Updated Objects and Persons](#130---updated-objects-and-persons)
  - [[1.2.1] - BUG FIXES -> Null pointer Exception in random controller](#121---bug-fixes---null-pointer-exception-in-random-controller)
  - [[1.2.0] - Profile data generation, emails, and improvements](#120---profile-data-generation-emails-and-improvements)
  - [[1.1.0] - Changes to File handling](#110---changes-to-file-handling)
  - [[1.0.1] - Bug fix README](#101---bug-fix-readme)
  - [[1.0.0] - Initial release](#100---initial-release)

___

## [1.6.3] - Adding crypto API support

- Added crypto support to the application
  - Usage of the crypto API is now implemented
    - this will be used in future versions to encrypt and decrypt the data
  - For the generation of UUIDs
  - For the generation of symeterial keys
- Moved the tooling from JS to TS

## [1.6.2] - Fixing dark/light mode

- Fixing a bug in the dark/light determination

## [1.6.1] - Fixing word generation

- Fixing a Bug that enabled the generation of a word with a zero length.
- Fixing a Bug that caused the generation of a word list with empty words.

## [1.6.0] - Adding new content

- Added new content to the system, including a bunch of new names.
- Added a few new methods to ```random``` including byte, byte array and a few number types.

## [1.5.0] - Removing RSA Support

- Removal of RSA support due to incompatibility issues with major libraries. It will be considered again if there is a way to stably implement RSA encryption from Browser and Node without incompatible packages.

## [1.4.1-2] - Removing unused code

- Removing unused code, imports, and constants

## [1.4.0] - Implementing encryption, decryption and Bug fixes

- Added encryption and decryption via XOR, AES and RSA.
- Bug fixes and improvements

## [1.3.0] - Updated Objects and Persons

- Reworked the way, objects get generated by templates
- Added a new way, Person objects can be generated, limited by properties
- Added a new way, events can be generated, using defined first and last names
- Bug fixes and improvements

## [1.2.1] - BUG FIXES -> Null pointer Exception in random controller

- Fixed Null pointer Exception in random controller
- Changed Target to ESNEXT
- Bug fixes and improvements

## [1.2.0] - Profile data generation, emails, and improvements

- Added support for random user generation and different types of personal data
- Added support for the generation of emails by template
- Bug fixes and improvements

## [1.1.0] - Changes to File handling

- Added support for Image File conversion
- Added support for general File To Blob and Blob To File conversions
- Bug fixes

## [1.0.1] - Bug fix README

- Fixing the miss typed README.md file and adding a changelog.
- Adding Missing Type checker Endpoints.

## [1.0.0] - Initial release

Setting up the environment and adding the basic endpoints.
